Ultravox released an album named after which european capital?
The title of the first album of Depeche Mode is?
Relax was a major hit for?
Who did a duet with Dancing in the streets together with David Bowie?
Sisters are doin' it for themselves was a hit for?
The title song of the movie Karate Kid 2 was performed by?
The song 1984 was recorded by Eurythmics. Who wrote the book?
The charity project Band Aid was inititiated by who?
A-ha is from what country?
Which band got a hit with Just cant get enough?
Who is the singer of the cure?
Derek K Dick is better known as?
Vince Clarke of Erasure was earlier a member of?
Nitzer Ebb makes what kind of music?
What year was live Aid?
Who sang 1984 hit All Cried Out?
Which popular AC/DC album was the first to feature new vocalist Brian Johnson?
Who sang the title track of 80s Bond film The Living Daylights?
In which iconic music video do Queen parody Coronation Street?
Now associated with rickrolling, which 1987 Rick Astley song became number one in 25 countries?
Which single gave Whitney Houston her first UK number one in 1985?
What was the best-selling single of the decade in the UK?
Which band was awaiting a Letter From America?
Who went straight to number one in 1981 with Stand and Deliver?
Who was Christmas Number One in 1988 with Mistletoe and Wine?
Which famous actor was waiting for Bananarama in 1984?
Who is the lead singer of the band Frankie Goes To Hollywood?
Bobby G, Cheryl Baker, Mike Nolan and Jay Aston are members of which band?
How old were George Michael and Andrew Ridgely when they wrote Careless Whisper?
Which U2 album became the fastest-selling album in British history at the time, once released in 1987?
Which iconic Simple Minds song plays during the opening and closing credits of The Breakfast Club?
Which 1981 Journey song failed to crack the UK Top 40 on release, then reached number 6 in 2009?
Which singer-songwriter's real name is Michael Barratt?
Which band recorded the theme song to Friends?
What was The Rolling Stones' second album called?
What’s the name of Britney Spears’ first single, released in 1998?
Right Said Fred had a No.1 Hit with 'I’m Too….'?
In which year of the nineties did Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain die?
Which pop group named themselves after a London postcode?
Who had a hit with 'U Can't Touch This' in 1990?
In which year did Culture Club have a UK number one single with Karma Chameleon?
Sinead O'Connor had a hit in 1990 with Nothing Compares 2 U, but who wrote it?
Who is the lead singer of the Pet Shop Boys?
Which American rock band had a hit in the eighties with the 'Eye of the Tiger'?
Who shot John Lennon outside his apartment in New York City on December 8 1980?
What musician was deported from Japan in the 1980’s for possession of marijuana?
Which Irish rock band sang The Boys Are Back In Town?
Whose first hit was Wuthering Heights?
Which singer has the most UK Number One singles ever?
What was the name of Eminem's first UK single release in 1999?
Which year did Andrew Fletcher of Depeche Mode die?
What was the name of Tom Jones’ first ever single?
What was the name of debut album of Metallica?
Which female artist headlined the One Love Manchester concert in 2017?
Bootylicious has become an accepted word in the Oxford Dictionary thanks to a track of the same name by which artist(s)?
The german band Kraftwerk was founded in which City?
What is the name of Miley Cyrus father?
What is the name of The Beatles’ first album?
Which Canadian artist released 'Man! I Feel Like A Woman!’ in 1999?
In which decade did Elvis have his first UK No. 1?
Who was the first to leave Take That?
Which group wrote most of the songs for the movie Saturday Night Fever?
What is ABBA:s breakthru song?
Phil Collins plays what instrument?
The industrial band Nine inch Nails released the debut album in 1989. What is it called?
"Crazy in Love" was the first solo No. 1 for which singer?
According to the name of a hit by Paul Hardcastle, how old was the average american soldier in the Vietnam war?
Which Brittish band gave us "Lessons in love"?
Who was the first singer of Iron Maiden?
David Bowies real surname is?
Which Scottish band released Take Me Out in 2004?
What was Lady Gaga's first No. 1 hit?
Who was the first person to win Britain's Got Talent?
What song by PSY was the first YouTube video to be viewed 1 billion times?
What is the stage name of Anna Mae Bullock?
Which 1980's band are responsible for the hit 'Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)'?
Name the 1994 debut studio album by Oasis?
Name the 1993 debut studio album by Suede?
Heavy metal band "King Diamond" is from what country?
Who wrote the song 'Let's Get It On'?
'You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)' is a song by which British band?
How old was Mozart when he wrote his first piece?
Who is the only member of ZZ Top that doesn't have a beard?
T Rex was led by which singer?
Which Jamaican artist released a song in 1974 that begins with the lyrics, 'Everybody was Kung Fu fighting'?
Which Pink Floyd album featured the song 'Comfortably Numb'?
Which famous music group were formerly known as the New Yardbirds?
Which British band had the hit 'Fools Gold'?
Which song gave Madonna her first UK number one?